What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
For this project we were given the problem of sorting the courses given to us in alphanumeric order as well as taking note of the prerequisites that each course has
with that we are prompted to be able to print out a sample schedule that a student may have while attending at the college, 
we also required to allow someone to choose a course and learn the prerequisites of the given course.

How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand.
Given this requirement i had origionally tried using a hashtable although it wasnt a very smart solution as i didnt offer any sorting logic so i had brute forced it with 
changing my text document to already be in order, to get around this issue i remade my original solution from a hash table to be a binary search tree, this not only
let me solve my issue of being able to sort the data i am given regardless of the size of it unlike a hash table.

How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
As I said in the part above i had a major road block with my original solution as it was pretty bad in solving one of the key issues, but when it came to solving issues
I would try to make the code as best as i could, in this project i had alot to pull on as we are using code similar to things we have already done in previous assignments
but in a given situation where i am completely stumpted i will try and see if there is a solution online without just looking up the straight forward answer to the project
instead the solution for my specific issue rather than the whole assignment, another tool that has made it more effective for me to learn how to code better is to
message my professor in a situation where i could find no good solutions.

How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
With this project alone I hit a big brick wall as I tried using a more simple solution such as my hash table solution but as i tried to fix this solution i used the
binary search tree a much more advanced solution, with that my original knowledge of data structures I could never have made something this advanced, my original 
knowledge would barely even be able to store simple data from a file in a vector.

How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
This project and the assingments in this class has expanded my data storage skills and made my code a simplier and more readable which can in case alot more than the basic lines 
of code i thought i knew before starting this class, I personally didn't see how we would store such vast data or even be able to sort it.
